welcome to 1 9 million
that long ago and yes in this video
I'll show you where you red us
muster
you already know that through
normal grass pack times she is too
But what most people need is
that by exactly the same also red
I get that beet seeds now
times
So I just entertained
floor area is just a chance
that their seed and beetroot together
be equal to that here the green area for
You do not actually go to the poorhouse
because that is only then again
build up
comes as you offer so long now
Nobody has it and there it already has
seen
red parameter velvet floor pressed
a lot of normal semen it almost too
everything away and where I have apparently
naked or blind impedes
probably as a beet
you have to get deleted first
and you already have yours
bild land first the seeds and let
they are growing
So it would be best if we were four
I've got 5 of them now
for some this is now only times has
or I'll spool
so and here is everything
grown
that is off first
and now I have seven already
big bats
Yes
and now I'll show you how
much the normal red picture without
something about it and I hold my cellphone
or I meld with microphone
Keep me away because of that
probably not or not so
Well
yes you see I have two and a half hearts
I do not do much
if I is now a beetroot
I just get a half a to
bit of a shame because the fund a
bit is in it but you can help
can make it happen
a soup
and if that then made
if you pray with the four red ones
and a soup bowl a beetroot
great
yes and they are already missing much more
their hearts and that is not a little yes
I hope I have you a bit
helped
Beetroot is no longer ran to the
in the 18th
if i shit all this one the
actually very clear
but fact